You and I came and went last week!
The Lord first uses me to bring him here,
Leave this with me! Li Feng,
I want to save you, I told you,
Try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it.
Try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it.
Try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it, try it
So this is the first time I ask
You ask why we ate it, why is it because?
Not his one night
Don't you dare to ruin the fame party?
I'll miss you if I follow the rules, don't say goodbye
Don't, don't, don't, don't, it's you
It was all before school
Of course I missed you
But you can do whatever you do
Just eat it like a human being